{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Task:
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 Find one recent long-form article (essay, reported feature, or serious review\'97
\f2\i not
\f1\i0  a news brief) that would plausibly interest a reader with advanced training in economics and the humanities.\strokec2 \

\f0\b \strokec2 Subject areas to prioritize (at least one, preferably two):
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Political economy of technology (AI, data, platforms, measurement, automation)\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Media, knowledge production, or expertise (journalism, academia, \'93trust,\'94 legitimacy)\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Migration, borders, or state capacity, especially where language, categorization, or incentives matter\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Cultural responses to economic or technological change (norms, aesthetics, moral panics)\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Institutions that are misdescribed by their public narratives (markets, firms, universities, NGOs, bureaucracies)\strokec2 \

\f0\b \strokec2 Analytical constraints:
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 The article should interrogate a commonly accepted assumption rather than merely describe a phenomenon.\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Prefer pieces that link abstract ideas (incentives, norms, classification, information, legitimacy) to a concrete case or institution.\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Tone should be skeptical or analytical, not celebratory, moralizing, or alarmist.\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Avoid culture-war framing, boosterism, and \'93future of X\'94 hype.\strokec2 \

\f0\b \strokec2 Audience calibration:
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Assume the reader is comfortable with theory and abstraction but impatient with jargon, managerial language, and TED-style optimism.\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 The article should not explain basic concepts at an introductory level.\strokec2 \

\f0\b \strokec2 Style preferences:
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Clear argumentative spine; the reader should be able to state the core claim in one sentence.\strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Bonus for authors who disagree quietly with a dominant narrative rather than loudly denounce it.\strokec2 \

\f0\b \strokec2 Output:
\f1\b0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \strokec2 \'96 Provide the article title, author, publication, and a one-sentence explanation of why it fits these criteria.\strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \strokec2 \
}